morning we're back live
here going to do a shortish morning
stream uh just
on
carbs first of
all we should have these experiments
[Music]
done so this doesn't seem
great it looks like it got
stuck L to gam are good
I might have messed up the score or
something oh you know what I did no I
know what I did okay that's on
me um
yeah I
forgot that's my bad so if I go into
carbs
yeah all right so it did not necessarily
completely fail
the heck this should be
cashed but uh
fine I I changed the search scales a
little
bit and that's going to mess that
up we just
do like
this and we'll see if that goes
better we'll see how that
goes now in the
meantime we have some issues
with believe or eval
really
oh so something Bizarro happened here
okay or six oh wait this
silly I think we're just going to change
um moove a blate to
demo okay so this is
are this is running
here does this finish it's run or does
this get
stuck could I ask why you don't use vs
code instead of them I used VSS code for
a year and a half and I hated it this is
lighter weight it goes directly on my
container my camera just freeze all
right
on yeah it's uh it's lighter weight
doesn't get in my way does everything I
need
um easier to like tile Windows around
have different Windows SSH to different
machines and stuff it just is easier I
just don't need the stuff that vs code
has and this is lighter weight so I'm
always going to use the lightest weight
thing that does what I
need I mean they're great programmers
that'll be editing stuff and whatever
heck there people that use you know
vanilla emac I used I used uh vanilla no
plugins Vim for like seven or eight
years this is neovim with a grand total
of two
plugins um the one that the only one
that makes a really big difference to
Super Maven which is single line LM code
completes um it doesn't like Implement
whole functions for you or anything it's
just it's a typing buff essentially kind
of works as an LSP as well because it'll
like you know it'll make sure that you
get the right variable names and whatnot
um yeah it's pretty nice actually an llm
with an integrated LSP would be
amazing um um that would be really nice
somebody should do that free startup
idea GPT wrapper that's integrated with
an actual LSP so it never suggests stuff
that doesn't make
sense okay so we can reproduce right
here this um this
hang this is pretty weird to be honest
let me see this so if I go
into first of
all let's do that this is a mature file
now this will be our demo demo doesn't
even work in this
branch I mean it's just very effortless
as you can see for me to navigate around
and do stuff
here okay so what we'll do is
let's see
this I'm trying to figure
out why this hangs
well that's
bizarre it's just going to keep running
eval loops and not getting any data
points
back how's that
possible it shouldn't be
because evil train evil train
right
huh something's Bizarro
here this doesn't make sense to me
once we fix this my hope is that it'll
be easy to just fix across all the mends
and finish running all our
baselines cuz you can see it's training
here right that score is the win
rate so it's got a 92% win rate here
versus our scripted bot
and what the heck is the like what is
going on
here
size that so
confusing elap 5306
well that doesn't
change
evaluate oh no it
does global step goes up as
well how is there just no data coming
back from the uh the environment
here we were getting data all through
training
right so eval train eval train eval
train right we do eval bunch
it should be adding um evl stats in here
right data that
stats I guess what I can do
[Music]
is I do
131 I think this works in pdb it works
in
GDB welcome YouTube
folks we're currently figuring out why
uh some of our environments don't seem
to
be they infinitely loop at the end of
training during the data collection step
where you're try to get a very good
accurate estimate of the policy quality
and that's very important for carbs uh
for our hyperparameter tuning so I'm
trying to fix up all the environment so
essentially they all have a nice same
score metric and I can run our hyper
pram stuff across all the environments
and we can get good baselines for all
our our environments and at the same
time we get tests in for our awesome new
hyper parameter sweep
algorithm which My Hope Is that this is
just going to like Crush everything in
the field it looks really good so far
from the initial results
okay so I put this break point there
right we don't hit
it we still don't hit
it oh there we
go there's data
look at that we got right
there right there
data.
stats
oret
metric am I blind here
oh
wait
oh I
see that's interesting hold
on e
all right um let me see here so this
is this is just a name mismatch is all
that this
is um we get episode return and
length and such from
here let me put this away this one is
sshed in
I think I can put um one of the guys in
the Discord probably on
standardization but uh I got to fix the
logging at
least and then this should give us we
should be able to actually run some good
experiments just off of this
okay so right here this is where it
depend infos uh here but then I think
that we changed the
keys yeah we changed the keys
here how the heck does this work for our
other environments come to think of it
wait I'm going to mute toggle here his
little background noise
TR to see how pong is fixing is uh
working here because I don't think any
of them should work currently like
this
e e
there we go look at
that 78 we get all our points we'll see
how long the eval takes but
uh you know this
looks reasonable
we'll do
this and let's see that should work and
that should fix a lot of the
environments we just remove the uh the
bad sweep metric from it
interested to see how many steps this
will leave out
for did you have a chance to Repro the
issue I had with puffer
palong um here let me go look right now
for
you thing evalu 6 million steps but I
guess that's fine it's quick enough so
that's
fixed let me save
this
wa for
see how this goes
seems to work fine for
me you see the Discord there was uh what
what buggy
reported what is this
what's your question
mark that's what I'd like to
know this
is this is like brand new programmer yo
Captain what's the issue how do I Repro
this I'm on 20 branch
what I told him for is down
just tried to train with I
did do I have to rebuild
they build cleanly they've got like
these struct errors are uh not
important it's basically just me not
filling like that shouldn't even be a
warning it's me using default
values pip install dot uh- e dot does
work it's just slower because it also
does all the PIP packages
okay so this still works I'll do the
full
thing to see if I screwed up any python
depths I don't think I should have
though do you know if anything changed
cuz it really shouldn't have
oh yeah hold on it's
uh I screwed up this
container M install do there we
go I got all sorts of python versions on
this because I've been doing um Isaac
gym things for client
I should probably do yeah I'm going to
do I'll be doing stuff for one of the
two clients today we'll see which
one I actually asked CH what
uh quick what I what should I do
next uh yeah Captain it's in the
ablation Branch you can try it
e
I guess I'll probably need to do a
little Isaac Tim stuff later
today okay so this pip
install I'm going to try this one more
time the only thing I can think of is um
what's your number P
version I did change I unpinned uh I
unpinned
numpy that's the only thing I could
think of so maybe it screws up with a
new version of numpy
somehow that's the only thing I can
think of though if you find it I will
gladly I'll gladly change that but I
can't Repro it on
this okay I I have no idea if you figure
out what it is try the old compil or try
you know some stuff if you figure out
what it is I gladly fix it because
puffer should compile on like
everything the heck
okay
so let's fix up most of these configs
real
quick do we have the metric in here
you
score yeah this is
good don't need this
redundant haven't used this one yet I
forgot we had that
M that's a nice little test M yeah
Captain we can play around with that
little there's a little continuous test
EMP in there that you could also add uh
just discret continuous to it's really
really simple and it would probably be a
nice just test of uh whether discreet
like continuous can be made easy as
discrete should train in like
seconds you want to clean it
up I mean we're going to want to
have I mean pretty much like a lot of
the science side work initially I like I
just need people to clean up these
configs and stuff and like get the
experiments running
and like you know make sure stuff isn't
screwy with
them and then what we'll do this
is sweep up
parameters sweep.
M I think it's still called uniform
that sweep
and okay and it needs a mean in a
scale we'll pip installing
regenerate it should but if you don't
see I mean if it if it works instantly
it's probably not you can always just
run build X in place and see if it does
anything
right
uh5
this this
there you go that's spenser's go end
nice and
cleaned we'll do like
this missing Discord
stuff very good
well this thing is
not working this thing needs to be uh
fixed but we'll clean it up anyways in
case I decide to do this I would like to
have a nice grid
en
I know I want to get all the I want to
get five contracts going for the uh the
revenue so we can do stuff it's kind of
valuable to just be able to
build a ton of
things I don't
know uh you need
this I mean it's like pretty much the
second I have
uh time to actually build what I want
stuff goes really fast
all right so we got MOA here
what we think about this
that had to
run that's kind of
weird so it's are you running pip
install Das e do or you just running pip
install dot
like that should rebuild
so something screwy happened
there so pip install dot gives you a
non-editable install I would not
recommend doing
that like if you change anything locally
there it's not going to get reflected in
the uh the
build that she gives you the Sim links
Sim links the uh the current folders
it feels so good to delete these stupid
dot
parameters oh I did 200k
D to two bill that's fine
is there a reason you're not
using link
time yeah cuz I don't know how to set it
up please
help wait does that even do anything
when there like they one file
right what is there to optimize at
length time
or am I being
stupid I mean this stuff is not taught
in school and I've been writing C for
like a few
months wrote freaking python for 10
years if you have look if you find
better flags for us for uh just like
globally for puffer that's awesome I'm
very happy to take that type of
contribution cuz I don't know what I'm
doing
there I really
don't wa what's what do we have reward
death is actually
Zero by default
yeah and then a
reward
o1 4.5
these uh being able to set the mean is
really nice because you can set the mean
of your search to whatever your current
best hyper parameters are that's pretty
cool right so that's puffer
MOBA neural MMO
3 I love this environment I really want
to use this a whole bunch
more this environment is so awesome
and really if you think about it this
environment is the product of not that
many hours of work on this specific code
base but my whole PhD I mean this
is like 20,000 hours worth of
stuff kind of got a PhD in how to do
this if you think about it
you really need to run this for a
billion to see
anything I kind of doubt that let's do 5
E8 and then we'll do Max will
be 111 which is
insane n reward combat level
and we can just get these from here so
this is going to be
three.
five item level goes
to 13 see
1.3 and reward death is set
two do
2.5
lovely this is just such a nice sweep UI
um we have pong this is now redundant
because this is the
default pi
squared we literally just need this one
3 7
this I hate setup tools so I added
compiler flag to set up. Pi when I run
build X nothing happens how can I force
uh just delete the build files for like
a test M or whatever if you want it's
just the files are in
build you have to clear them out it only
it only triggers rebuild if you change
the code it doesn't trigger rebuild if
you tra change the uh the setup file
there might be some Force option I don't
know BR yeah I
know you need a real build
system is a real build system versus
just like figuring out how to get these
flags going to confuse the majority of
contributors or make their lives
easier like
seriously is just giving them a setup.py
with flags that work versus giving them
a cmake file going to make their lives
easier or
harder if there's a very compelling
reason we will do it right but
like that's what I tend to
ask it's got to be set up perfectly I
mean I want zero people getting a cmake
error if we do that right
there'd have to be some benefit as well
it would have to be the final thing that
we have has to be simpler than the thing
that we have
now I'm not completely opposed to it but
that's the bar right the bar is always
that like complexity doesn't go up
complexity goes down
if you want to do infra stuff like this
around puffer that's awesome I'm I'm
very happy to have you doing that but um
you know if you want to do science side
stuff and do like little bits of INF in
between that's also good you know I'm
happy to W you to whatever
this really doesn't need to be uh to be
swept but maybe we
will me just just needs mean and scale
what's the most CPU heavy ocean
M it's probably one of Spencer's Ms
honestly it's probably like go with the
freaking uh AI associated with it is
slower than neural
mo3 something like go or Connect 4 the
freaking based AI
opponent tactical is the heaviest at the
moment actually but that's just it's not
optimized yet I got to get the guy that
did that to come back it's a really cool
M and I'd love to use
it ah so this is why our numbers are
screwy on trash pick
up me fix that
this is too
low right
here isn't this be. five I think this
should be 0. five
ult
Triad very
good e
yeah they don't they're not stealing
your box as well um you get a box like
Spencer's on one you're on two you've
done enough that you deserve you deserve
to have just you deserve to have a Dev
box for as long as you're actively doing
stuff on
puffer is that simple
major contributors get Dev
boxes they don't have to fight over them
they don't have to fight over like when
to run jobs they just get a Dev
[Music]
box I bought the damn things and that's
what I bought them
for that applies to you folks watching
as
well you can just show up and start
contributing stuff and when you do when
you're like an active contributor
building M you just get a Dev
box one of the
perks we'll be buying very many more of
them very
soon let's go check on the
uh on this Shenanigans over here
does this take forever to EV
out I'm going watch this a
second oops
they total of two runs in all this
time that doesn't look right to
me do we have
oops let's the scroll KY
full B and
[Music]
then doesn't evaluate that many
steps and this thing did
this thing is stuck
somewhere is there a
reason uh
nope I think I grabbed that argument so
a lot of the garbage in that file um I
was screwing around with arguments from
cond I was trying to match cond args to
my ARS so that cond would compile fat
like would actually compile decent code
and I think it just automatically adds
FP V you're free to filter out all the
garbage arguments that uh setup.py
adds in fact if you like you know it
probably the best thing to do is to just
like test speeds and stuff with um our
local build script and then get those
args into setup.py and I guess you can
use what's there to like see how to
filter the arguments cuz there are like
a whole bunch of different places that
um setup.py pull shitty arguments in
from that you have to clear
out I'd really like to on board either
you or SP answer to a couple researchy
things uh sometime in the next couple of
days if you're
interested just so we get experiments
going you
know how far uh how far are you on the
continuous stuff by the way for uh
breakout and pong
I mean we really are going to be the
goal is really within a couple weeks
puffer should be a research
Powerhouse I'm down to do
that pretty much any of these evenings
or whatever we can we can do
that I've got a trip coming up um at the
end of the week where I'm going to be
away on mostly vacation
so I'm probably like work is going to be
reduced down to just just what I'm doing
for my two
clients um so that's why I wanted to
ideally onboard you and Spencer before
that so you guys can be running you know
some experiments over that
time okay so our Weare is hanging for
some dumb
reason for
that continuous thing is a really good
first project for you because it's like
it's a really nice selfcontained
research thing um that's kind of what I
like to try to give people it's like
give you something that gives you the
experience on how to do good science but
without so many damn moving Parts as
there normally are
you can try it whenever you
want you can even help with uh I mean
you can even even help with the testing
of it if you want
like you can Chuck this on your own end
you know it's in I all my stuff's always
like public so you can just go grab the
neoc carbs branch of carbs and then the
uh oblations Branch here and just run
it
e
e e
and sweep carbs Neptune triple Tri Co
and token
neoc
carbs there we go so we will watch
these I just want to make sure that
they're not getting
stuck for a couple minutes
these both have
score this is going to be so
awesome NE
cars there it goes there's the second
job so um you know Max training speed
with puffer is going to be about a
million but these uh these algorithms
are allowed to search through more
expensive
bits of the space uh they do pay for it
though uh they do actually pay for it
like the algorithm is charged
essentially for doing this
stuff so we go wait oh nope let's not do
that that's bad only this window can do
that s
t-x and
all right now we got na
carbs triple
Triad and Connect
Four
lovely this is
great
oh yo you know what we could do for
carbs wait wait wait wait I just had an
awesome idea this only works with
Neptune but you know what we can do for
carbs is like man we should not do this
for the ba the baselines because it
makes stuff a little bit harder to
reproduce but what we can do is we can
just let's say that we're trying to get
a new environment working um and we keep
the environment consistent right that's
important but you know we're just
screwing around with Hyper parameters
and architectures and stuff
um what we can do is we can make
everything a hyper parameter and we just
run our experiments right and then we
can have Neptune download all of our
data whenever we run a new sweep and fit
the carbs model to that data so like we
are going to start it off with a carbs
model that's fit to literally all of our
runs dude that'd be awesome
holy can you imagine that you're doing
like experim exp on something for like a
couple weeks and you accumulate like a
few thousand experiments but every
single experiment you make uh run makes
your carbs hyper pram stuff better
that'd be
awesome that's so easy to do with
Neptune as well cuz you don't even have
to like upload the carbs model or
anything you just have to upload the you
just have to download the hyper
parameters dude that's going to be great
holy I cracked it man that's it that's
how we're going to do it we don't have
to do anything fancy to have like carbs
work multi Noe or anything we just have
to use their data download
API oh that's going to be
great that's going to be
great you couldn't change yeah yeah yeah
you could though because you'd add the
policy architecture to the hyper
parameters the only thing that you'd
have to do is up front you'd have to
specify
everything you just have to specify
everything up
front or alternatively if it's possible
maybe after you do runs right maybe you
it's like it's a SQL database maybe you
can add a column right maybe you can
just like add a column for like oh yeah
hidden dim right in your network and
then just set it to whatever you have
the default for all your other runs and
like start a blading on a new hyper
parameter dude that'd be so
cool we got to do it I got to do that
now okay that's not going to be the
initial thing but holy hell is that
going to be
great triple Triad
Frozen nah just it's uh the runs are
long I don't know why they're so long
they shouldn't be
it should find shorter ones we'll
see this is
sweet okay we got two new experiments
going they do train at 1 million steps
per second but carbs is allowed to
explore more expensive hyper parameters
so if you crank update Epoch right if
you crank update Epoch so you crank down
the number of environments then the
steps per second goes down carbs gets
charged for this it's paying it's paying
budget for this um the only thing is in
the first like 10 experiments that carbs
runs it doesn't get charged because it's
allowed to just randomly sample hyper
parameters but as soon as the carbs
portion kicks in uh it starts paying for
expensive hyper parameters so this is
just the
initialization and you know we're going
to have some tweaks on this right we can
tweak it so that the random parameters
are cheaper at the start it's not a fin
fully finished algorithm yet I mean this
is literally I did this in one day one
day for this awesome
algorithm so
yeah I'm going to have some AC guys over
in a bit so I'm probably going to just
call the morning stream as soon as that
happens um
yeah this is working very
nice very nice
indeed okay so we got two more of these
on we're going to want to Benchmark all
of the ocean environments uh with neoc
carbs and that will get us really high
quality base B way better than we have
at the moment which will be important
this will get us test data for naoc
carbs and uh this will be great so I
think what we're going to do is just
over the next few days I'm going to keep
running these uh these various
experiments and tweaking things here and
there and then I'm going to work on uh
you know client stuff uh and like lab
stuff I think I got a meeting with NYU
in a few hours on uh what we can do to
help with GPU drive there and other than
that we're probably going to do robot
stuff at the moment or like Sim stuff
probably Isaac
Jim
things they paid me yet hold
on I were supposed to
[Music]
pay my
phone I'll check this later
yo Noah I owe you a code review um I got
AC guys coming in a second when when is
a good time to do code review for
you I'm on Eastern Time Zone
home
today as I'm Ill ah Feel Better Man Okay
cool so I got AC guys coming in a bit
I'm going to go for little run
um I think I should be back to be able
to do this before my I have a 1 p.m.
meeting I think I should be able to do
it before then if not uh we'll do it in
the
afternoon I actually I got to run right
now um but yeah let's let's plan on
doing this today I will review TCG if
everything checks out we'll merge it
we'll get stuff going we've got an
awesome hype parameter algorithm uh that
we are you know ready to try out to get
policies training um I'll help with that
stuff yeah you've done some good work
there so I'm very very happy to get that
merged in and that's a really cool
environment uh I'm going to call the
stream though for right now CU I got to
go do a couple things and I've got AC
people over got to get my little bit of
exercise in as well I'm still doing you
know the rehab from the
pneumonia
um but yeah I'll be back in a bit I'll
at you in the disc record a bunch Noah
um whenever I'm around and then you know
if you see it you see it if you don't
you don't I'll I'll do it like several
times throughout the day if you're you
know for whenever you're not around
whenever you're around all right and
we'll do a full code review for you and
we'll get stuff going on that but for
now thanks folks and uh